c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\bin\Debug\外卖导航.exe.config
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\bin\Debug\外卖导航.exe
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\bin\Debug\外卖导航.pdb
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.g.resources
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.exe
c:\users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.pdb
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\resources\button_style.baml
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\resources\TextStyle.baml
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\bin\Debug\外卖导航.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\bin\Debug\外卖导航.application
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zhxn5\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.application
C:\Users\zhxn5\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\外卖导航\外卖导航\obj\Debug\外卖导航.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
